What comes to your mind
when you hear the words road trip?
Hangover?
Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara?
Dil Chahta Hai?
Basically friends...
Having fun,
rocking it
Baba, what are you doing?
Bastard!
But would you ever consider doing
a road trip with your siblings?
Jerk!
A road trip with your brother and sister?
It could be fun, you know.
You're dead!
Baba, mind your language!
Ah! You're choking me!
Let go my hair, you ass.
-Dog!
-I'm gonna...
Baba, I was worried about you.
Baba's become an animal!
You betrayed me!
Hey, that's your car!
What the fuck!
What stupidity is this?
Did Chanchal take the car?
I've always had my doubts about her.
Hey!
You're the one who looks like a thief.
I was watching your pansy fight.
If everyone is here
then who took the car?
Even the RV isn't there!
Oh, shit!
Oh, fuck!
Baba, I'm so sorry.
Shut your music down
and raise the volume of this match!
Chitvan...
Bro, you're an artist,
extremely talented
and I really love your music.
But these guys clearly don't.
What are you saying, bro?
The crowd is loving it! Look at them.
Try to understand the situation
atleast once.
Everyone will dance once
the match gets over.
Now lower the volume
and play something from this pen-drive.
Take a break.
Baba?
Hey, Chitvan. You're here.
Baba, this is such a surprise...
Watch it, man.
You're peeing on my shoe.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
I got excited.
What are you doing here?
Taking a piss.
I mean, here, in the club.
I came to meet you.
Bombay? What are you
doing in India?
I sent you an e-mail.
I was waiting at the airport for you since
5:00 and finally decided to come myself.
Baba...
I only check emails
at 11:45 a.m. on Mondays
But now that you're here, tell me.
I got divorced.
Divorce?
When did you get  married?
What drugs are you on?
Weren't you living with that
foreigner boss of yours?
Yes.
Whom did you marry?
To her only!
But wasn't she quite elder to you?
So?
When did you married?
Six months back.
You didn't even invite me!
Are you a fool?
We talked on the phone.
You congratulated me.
We had a Skype chat.
Oh, really?
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Are you done?
Because I got done.
I'm just giving
you some company.
Baba, it's so nice to see you!
What are you doing?
Wash your hands.
That's all he's told me, dad.
I'll call you once I know the details.
Yeah, all right
Okay. Bye.
Don't spill any of this to our parents.
Sure.
Compatibility is...
A bitch.
Mother fucking!
Love and stuff is still simple
But just that tuning...
That's important.
Because if you want two
different things in life,
It fucking never works.
Baba, I've heard that these foreigners...
particularly the cougar types.
They tend to dominate
Yeah, man.
They get egoistic.
They enjoy playing these power,
position, and status games
I get scared of all of this.
Handcuffs,
leather,
Using hunters and all
Like all the women in the world are out
to get revenge for 50 shades of Grey.
What are you saying?
Weren't you talking about
domination and sexually powerful
positions?
I suggest that from the very beginning,
show her who's boss in bed.
Shut her up right there.
I'm not talking about my sex life.
It's general compatibility...
You're so dumb!
Oh!
Your sex life was sorted?
My sex life?
I'm your elder brother, you fool.
She's your sister-in-law.
Was.
Was my sister-in-law.
I've accepted it. You should do the same.
Baba,
You drink.
Be right back.
Compatibility...
is a bitch.
Love and stuff is still simple
But just that tuning...
That's important.
Because if you want two
different things in life,
It never works.
Compatibility
It all comes down to that.
What should I do with him?
What do you mean?
Where should I take him
in this condition?
He's your brother,
not some stray dog, bro.
He came straight to you from America.
What are you talking about?
You obviously have to take him with you.
Yeah, that was insensitive of me, no?
But I'm not used to the idea
of having a brother around.
Yeah, but
your family stands
by you in times of crisis.
Where are we?
A little before Navsari.
Gujarat border, Baba.
If you need booze then let's pick it up.
'Cause you won't find it ahead.
-Gujarat border?
-Yup.
Why?
Road Trip.
Don't blabber shit, Chitvan.
Where are we going?
Jodhpur.
To Chanchal's.
Chanchal's?
Yup.
Why?
Baba.
'Cause only your family stands
by you in times of crisis.
That's why I came to you.
But my life is fucked.
I can't take care of myself.
How will I manage you?
It's best that you stay with Chanchal.
But I don't want to go
to her place right now.
I thought I'll stay with
you for some time before
going to Manali to meet mom and dad.
Why would I stay at my
sister's in-laws' place?
Nonsense, man!
Why didn't you take me to your place?
I did.
Things went south there.
You were drunk.
I, somehow, put you in the car
all by myself and
put you to sleep.
There was suddenly a knock on the door
and I saw some people there for extortion
Loan sharks.
To collect the last six months'
installments for your car.
Will they take my car just
because five or six cheques bounced?
You should disappear.
I'll have to leave Bombay.
It's best to cross the border.
Pakistan!
Maharashtra border, fool.
So I decided to take you to Chanchal.
So you're on the run?
What, Baba?
You make it sound like I'm on the run
with someone else's car.
Don't you have any money at all?
I have little.
I'll pay the rest.
You have a lot of money, is it?
Yeah, I have a lot.
Got it in my divorce settlement.
She was culpable for the affair
so I got the money.
Oh, man.
You should have told me earlier.
I paid for your alcohol last night.
We're not discussing my problems here.
We're trying to clear
the mess in your life.
Let's go to Bombay
and solve your problem.
I'll handle my issues
once I've dealt with you.
Don't worry about me, boss.
I can handle my issues.
All right.
We'll reach Baroda in three hours.
Take a flight from there.
Cool. Let's go.
Yeah.
-Give me the keys.
-Why?
You're having herbs
instead of tea early in the morning.
Don't know where you'll take us.
What are you doing in life?
What do you mean?
What's the plan?
Ran away from parents' place to become
a DJ and no one listens to your songs.
You ran away from your own home
like a thief because of money.
Baba, don't ruin my high by lecturing me.
Right.
Always stay high.
Live life from one moment to the next.
There's no focus; you don't
have any plans for your life.
Baba, you had a plan, right?
Going well?
No, you're  right.
My plans failed.
My fucking marriage has failed!
I'm jobless, homeless.
Thanks.
There's one plan.
What?
Breakfast.
There's a mind blowing place
to eat a little ahead.
Excuse me.
Could you please check on the internet
and tell me how far Bharuch is?
Yeah, sure.
The connection is a little weak here.
Where are you going though?
Baroda.
That'll also do.
Don't you feel hot in this suit?
Yeah, it gets hot but,
I'm habitual now.
Do you have any other bad habits?
You should ask someone
inside about Bharuch.
That'd be better.
At the reception...
What was that?
She was hitting on you.
Exactly, but why?
Why so modest?
You're beautiful, Baba.
And women can smell broken marriages
and money quicker than a dog.
Let's go?
Got your flight booked?
No, due to all this...
Dad was asking.
You told Dad?
Yeah, I had to discuss plans for Jodhpur.
You told them about Jodhpur also?
I couldn't take such a big decision alone.
Texted Chanchal too.
Come on, man.
You should have told me once.
Now she'll feel bad if we don't go.
No one's gonna feel bad.
Everyone is busy in their lives.
Call Chanchal up.
Greetings, sir.
Yes, sir. Sure, sir.
She can't come to the phone.
Because she's busy with the
celebrations for tomorrow
Chanchal's gonna be a mother.
Chanchal's pregnant?
I'm gonna be a Chacha(uncle)!
How will you be a Chacha?
It's your sister's child.
You'll be a Maama(uncle).
Fuck man!
Chacha sounds so much better.
You took away this also from me!
Fuck you!
A semi-foreigner white kid would
have called me
Chachu...Chachu...
Fuck you.
I think we should go to Jodhpur.
That's exactly what I've been saying.
I always wanted to be like my dad.
But.
Life made me a Maama today.
Dad...
Used to plan everything.
Sleeping on time,
waking up on time,
eating on time.
He'd decide Sunday's menu on Friday.
I also did the same.
But the one thing my dad wouldn't plan,
were his road trips.
Every year, we used to go
on road trips as a family holiday.
Always unplanned.
No hotel bookings, no maps...
Just packed our bags and left.
Kashmir some time,
some time it was Sikkim
or Kerala or Rajasthan.
Chitvan...
Is like Dad when it comes to road trips.
Which I could never understand.
Even you don't know!
That's a surprise.
Yeah, I'll call you once
I know the entire thing.
Okay, bye.
Dad also doesn't know.
Might not have told everyone
because of it being too soon.
There's a party for pregnancy,
Not that big a secret, surely.
Let's go?
Chanchal turned to be really smart.
Her life is set.
I don't understand
the need to do all this.
Is it necessary to celebrate
every other thing?
It's a not just anything.
Bhabhi, these are delicate matters.
It's difficult to say anything.
You never know...
Chandan!
Chanchal.
Chitvan.
Elephant.
You look shocked. But didn't
he send you a message?
When?
This morning.
On which number?
9872534...
Chitvan,
That's not my number.
I sent it to Chanchal Chabra again.
Fuck!
You didn't tell us that you were pregnant.
How do you know?
Why are you here?
Baba was taking a break
after his divorce.
Came to my club
while I was peeing...
You never told me that
you got a divorce.
I didn't even know about the marriage.
What? Told you while we were peeing...
Bhabhi, you go ahead.
I'll be there in a couple of minutes.
Namaste.
-You didn't even tell mom and dad?
-No no no...
And you also don't tell them, please?
Oh.
What?
Chitvan.
Camel!
He's already told them.
About my divorce, your pregnancy
He can't keep anything in his stomach.
Baba, communication is really important.
Don't you see how
dysfunctional have we become?
No, no, no, no...
Fuck!
This is a mess!
What happened?
I'm not actually pregnant.
What the fuck?
What is all this? These flowers?
All this decoration?
I just told it to shut these people up.
It was a small lie.
Pranav went and told everybody.
Now, what?